Function of Sartorius	flexes, weakly abducts, rotates upper leg; flexes and medially rotates lower leg
Muscle w/ function flexes, weakly abducts, rotates upper leg; flexes and medially rotates lower leg	Sartorius
Origin of Sartorius	Just below tip of ASIS
Muscle with origin 'Just below tip of ASIS'	Sartorius
Insertion of Sartorius	Pes anserinus, on tibia
Muscle with insertion 'Pes anserinus, on tibia'	Sartorius
Sartorius overlaps...	Gracilis, Rectus Femoris, Vastus Medialis, Adductor Longus
Gracilis, Rectus Femoris, Vastus Medialis, Adductor Longus are overlapped by...	Sartorius
Function of Deltoid	flex arm forward, abducts outward, pulls backward
Muscle w/ function flex arm forward, abducts outward, pulls backward	Deltoid
Origin of Deltoid	lateral 1/3 of clavicle, acromion process, spine of scapula
Muscle with origin 'lateral 1/3 of clavicle, acromion process, spine of scapula'	Deltoid
Insertion of Deltoid	Deltoid tuberosity halfway down humerus
Muscle with insertion 'Deltoid tuberosity halfway down humerus'	Deltoid
Deltoid overlaps...	Biceps brachii, tendon of pectoralis, infraspinatus, supraspinatus, teres major/minor, upper triceps
Biceps brachii, tendon of pectoralis, infraspinatus, supraspinatus, teres major/minor, upper triceps are overlapped by...	Deltoid
Function of Multifidus	extend, laterally flex, rotate vertebral column
Muscle w/ function extend, laterally flex, rotate vertebral column	Multifidus
Origin of Multifidus	Sacrum, PSIS, spinous processes of vertebrae
Muscle with origin 'Sacrum, PSIS, spinous processes of vertebrae'	Multifidus
Insertion of Multifidus	Spinous processes of all vertebrae but the atlas
Muscle with insertion 'Spinous processes of all vertebrae but the atlas'	Multifidus
Multifidus is overlapped by...	Gluteus maximus, Erector spinae, trapezius
Gluteus maximus, Erector spinae, trapezius overlap...	Multifidus
Function of Scalenus Medius	Bends neck laterally; lifts first rib during forced inspiration
Muscle w/ function Bends neck laterally; lifts first rib during forced inspiration	Scalenus Medius
Origin of Scalenus Medius	Transverse processes from C2-C7 (occasionally C1)
Muscle with origin 'Transverse processes from C2-C7 (occasionally C1)'	Scalenus Medius
Insertion of Scalenus Medius	Medial part of top of first rib
Muscle with insertion 'Medial part of top of first rib'	Scalenus Medius
Scalenus Medius is overlapped by...	Sternocleidomastoid, Omohyoid, Trapezius
Sternocleidomastoid, Omohyoid, Trapezius overlap...	Scalenus Medius
Function of Vastus Medialis	Extend lower leg at knee; pull patella in and back to counter vastus lateralis
Muscle w/ function Extend lower leg at knee; pull patella in and back to counter vastus lateralis	Vastus Medialis
Origin of Vastus Medialis	Femur, starting at front of top, and wrapping around back along the linea aspera, then medially towards bottom. Also tendons of adductor longus and magnus and from the medial intermuscular speptum
Muscle with origin 'Femur, starting at front of top, and wrapping around back along the linea aspera, then medially towards bottom. Also tendons of adductor longus and magnus and from the medial intermuscular speptum'	Vastus Medialis
Insertion of Vastus Medialis	By quadriceps tendon into medial border of patella and by muscle fibers into patella upper inner corner. Also tibial tuberosity via patellar ligament
Muscle with insertion 'By quadriceps tendon into medial border of patella and by muscle fibers into patella upper inner corner. Also tibial tuberosity via patellar ligament'	Vastus Medialis
Vastus Medialis overlaps...	Slight overlap of vastus intermedius
Slight overlap of vastus intermedius are overlapped by...	Vastus Medialis
Vastus Medialis is overlapped by...	Sartorius; band of Richer
Sartorius; band of Richer overlap...	Vastus Medialis
Function of Gracilis	Adduct thigh at hip, flex lower leg at knee, assist medial rotation of lower leg
Muscle w/ function Adduct thigh at hip, flex lower leg at knee, assist medial rotation of lower leg	Gracilis
Origin of Gracilis	Middle of pubic arch btwn pubic sympysis and ischial tuberosity
Muscle with origin 'Middle of pubic arch btwn pubic sympysis and ischial tuberosity'	Gracilis
Insertion of Gracilis	Tibia just below medial condyle, same as sartorius and semitendinosus (pes anserinus)
Muscle with insertion 'Tibia just below medial condyle, same as sartorius and semitendinosus (pes anserinus)'	Gracilis
Gracilis overlaps...	Adductor magnus, adductor magnus, adductor longus
Adductor magnus, adductor magnus, adductor longus are overlapped by...	Gracilis
Gracilis is overlapped by...	Sartorius
Sartorius overlap...	Gracilis
Function of Brachoradialis	Flex forearm at elbow
Muscle w/ function Flex forearm at elbow	Brachoradialis
Origin of Brachoradialis	Humerus: distal part, "lateral supracondylar ridge"
Muscle with origin 'Humerus: distal part, "lateral supracondylar ridge"'	Brachoradialis
Insertion of Brachoradialis	thumb side of radius, proximal to styloid process
Muscle with insertion 'thumb side of radius, proximal to styloid process'	Brachoradialis
Brachoradialis overlaps...	Brachialis, extensor carpi radialis longus, pronator teres, flexor digitorum superficialis
Brachialis, extensor carpi radialis longus, pronator teres, flexor digitorum superficialis are overlapped by...	Brachoradialis
Brachoradialis is overlapped by...	Lateral head of triceps
Lateral head of triceps overlap...	Brachoradialis
